doc: clarify concurrency model of test runner (#47642)
nodejs/node: doc/api/test.md

* `options` {Object} Configuration options for running tests. The following
  properties are supported:
  * `concurrency` {number|boolean} If a number is provided,
    then that many test processes would run in parallel, where each process

>     corresponds to one test file.

Author: I tried to only use the word "process" when referring to real OS processes. Could you clarify what is inaccurate here? I believe `run()` does spawn one process per file.

>     corresponds to one test file.

Reviewer: Sorry I didn’t notice that this is for `run`. I don’t know how `run` works, I’m familiar only with `describe`, where I assume the `concurrency` option works the `Promise.allSettled` way.

>     corresponds to one test file.

Author: Yes, that is precisely the distinction that this PR attempts to clarify. `run()` spawns processes (thus also different threads) whereas `test()` etc. only provide async concurrency within a single thread.

>     corresponds to one test file.

Reviewer 2: See also that it's explicitly stated that test files are single threaded in https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/47642/files#diff-7ef19622f4f1c831ca0e6ed0edc03cb517f16969f1f1b0972a117bd3fa65c44aR382-R385

>     corresponds to one test file.

Reviewer 3: `run()` is the API equivalent of `--test`

* `options` {Object} Configuration options for the test. The following
  properties are supported:
  * `concurrency` {number|boolean} If a number is provided,

>     then that many tests would run in parallel within the application thread.

Reviewer: Maybe this adds clarity?

```suggestion
    then that many tests would run in parallel within the current thread, similar to a set of promises awaited by `Promise.allSettled`.
```

Reviewer 2: I don't think using `current` vs `application` does a great job at clarifying things. Why do you think it's important to call out `Promise.allSettled` vs anything else? I don't think it's helpful, it might even be a bit confusing given that the code doesn't use `Promise.allSettled`.

Reviewer: I’m trying to get across that it’s “in parallel” only in the sense that there are several async resources running within the current thread and process, as opposed to “true” parallelism from using multiple threads/processes.
